[LPT] Documentation (developer guide) (#7444)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/low_precision_transformations/transformations/step3_main/convolution/convolution.md

# OpenVINO™ Low Precision Transformations: ConvolutionTransformation {#openvino_docs_IE_DG_lpt_ConvolutionTransformation}

The transformation propagate dequantization operations on activations and on weights through `Convolution` operation. The transformation supports several weights quantization approaches:

> * quantized weights in low preision with dequantization operations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* quantized weights in low precision with dequantization operations,
```

Author: done, thanks

* weights in original precision with `FakeQuantize` operation.

Result dequantization `Multiply` constant value *result* is calculated as multiplication for dequantization `Multiply` constant value on activations *a* and dequantization `Multiply` constant value on weights *b* :

\f[
result_{i} = a_{i} \cdot b_{i}
\f]

## Limitations
* `Subtract` dequantization operations on activations and weights are not propagated and .
* Dequantization on activations have to be per-tensor. It means that dequantization `Multiply` constant value on activations has to be scalar.

## Subgraph before transformation

### Quantized weights in low preision with dequantization operations

> The subgraph wth quantized `Convolution` before transformation with quantized weights in low preision constant and dequantization operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subgraph with quantized `Convolution` before transformation with quantized weights in low precision constant and dequantization operations:
```

Author: done, thanks
